gh-101410: customize error messages for 1-arg math functions (#129497)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2023-02-01-16-41-31.gh-issue-101410.Dt2aQE.rst

> Support custom messages for domain errors in the :mod:`math` module.

Reviewer: "Custom messages" implies that the user can specify the message. But this is not so.

Author: ```suggestion
Added more detailed messages for domain errors in the :mod:`math` module.
Patch by Charlie Zhao and Sergey B Kirpichev.
```
Does this looks better?

Reviewer: Maybe "more specific" or "more detailed" or "more informative"?

Author: Suggestion adjusted.

Added more detailed messages for domain errors in the :mod:`math` module.

> Patch by Charlie Zhao and Sergey B Kirpichev.
> Patch by Charlie Zhao and Sergey B Kirpichev.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Patch by Charlie Zhao and Sergey B Kirpichev.
```
